  * When: [[2020-10-14]]
  * What happened:
    * I do not remember exactly the very beginning of my dream, but I decided to go snowboarding to some mountain, I had a snowboard with me and before the cableway, I met Astatoro with some friends with, all with skies, They went up before me and I followed. On the way up I found out that there is actually no snow and receiving an Instagram message from Tonicka, asking me why I have snowboard and things for snowboarding when there is no snow. I replied some joke, do not remember exactly what it was. When we arrived at the top. I am meeting Astatoro with his band again and the only thing that there was, was a cabin with some puzzles and boards with information. I was pissed that this is it, so I took the things back. But unexpectedly it made stop somewhere in the middle where I met Tonicka, asking me if I came from the top, I thought the cabin at the top is locked and I have to take a cableway to get back, slowly after I am meeting Astatoro again, coming back from the top, I asked Tonicka if she wants to get back to the top and walk it with me, but we decide to go somewhere else. Then there is the part I am not really sure about, but shortly after I am meeting people from high school and we are just making jokes and etc., slowly after there are showing me some funny video they made, but I do not remember exactly the content, but we decide to make another video. We go out everyone is wearing some weird clothes and as they are black slaves, then everyone starts to pretend they are banging one another, I am supposed to shoot this video at this point the dream is ending